Docs: Contributor Guide update subpages (#19939)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/develop.md

# Code Contributions

A guide on how to get started contributing code to the Gutenberg project.

## Discussions

The [Make WordPress Core blog](https://make.wordpress.org/core/) is the primary spot for the latest information around WordPress development: including announcements, product goals, meeting notes, meeting agendas, and more.

> Real-time discussions for development take place in `#core-editor` and `#core-js` channels in [Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat). Weekly meetings for Editor are on Weds at 14:00UTC, and for JavaScript on Tuesday at 14:00UTC, in their respective slack channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real-time discussions for development take place in `#core-editor` and `#core-js` channels in [Make WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat) (registration required). Weekly meetings for the editor component are on Wednesdays at 14:00UTC, and for the JavaScript component on Tuesday at 14:00UTC, in their respective Slack channels.
```

## Development Hub

> The Gutenberg project uses Github for managing code and tracking issues. The main repository is at: [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gutenberg project uses GitHub for managing code and tracking issues. The main repository is at: [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).
```
